<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/kuroneko.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</head>

<body class="head page">
  <p>“Not to mention……”</p>

  <p>Her face was still smiling, but her bright voice was tempered by the seriousness in her eyes as she gazed at Tatsuya.</p>

  <p>“I won’t let Onii-sama escape.”</p>

  <p>Tatsuya sighed deeply.</p>

  <p>Suddenly, Miyuki tilted her ear.</p>

  <p>“……the last song is beginning.”</p>

  <p>“Is that so?”</p>

  <p>Tatsuya had also noticed the song change. He wasn’t aware it was the final piece however.</p>

  <p>“Onii-sama, won’t you join me for the last dance?”</p>

  <p>Under a dome of moonlight and starlight, wearing a clear smile even Tatsuya rarely saw, Miyuki bowed gracefully.</p>

  <p>That beautiful smile brooked no resistance.</p>

  <p>“……Then, shall we head back before the song finishes?”</p>

  <p>“No, that would be a waste of time.”</p>

  <p>Miyuki took Tatsuya’s hand.</p>

  <p>“We can hear the performance from here just fine.”</p>

  <p>Taking a deep breath, she huddled closer to him.</p>

  <p>“These shoes should be alright even on grass.”</p>

  <p>Wordlessly, Tatsuya placed a hand around Miyuki’s back.</p>

  <p>As if entrusting herself to his care, Miyuki placed her hand on Tatsuya’s shoulder.</p>

  <p>Their bodies touched.</p>

  <p>Gently wrapping his hand around her back and deeply embracing her, Tatsuya took a step.</p>

  <p>The two figures spun under an endless starlit sky.</p>

  <p>As they spun, Tatsuya’s face was all Miyuki could see.</p>

  <p>Miyuki’s face was all Tatsuya could see.</p>

  <p>The scenery, the stars, the moon, and the darkness,</p>

  <p>In all this wide world which was revolving around them, Tatsuya and Miyuki were the only ones in it.</p>
</body>
</html>
